Update documentation to use new operation.with_directives decorator (#128)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/recipes.rst

MPI-operations with ``flow.cmd``
--------------------------------

Alternatively, you can implement an MPI-parallelized operation with the ``flow.cmd`` decorator, optionally in combination with the ``FlowProject.operation.with_directives`` decorator.
This strategy lets you define the number of ranks directly within the code and is also the only possible strategy when integrating external programs without a Python interface.

Assuming that we have an MPI-parallelized program named ``my_program``, which expects an input file as its first argument and which we want to run on two ranks, we could implement the operation like this:

.. code-block:: python

    @FlowProject.operation.with_directives({"np": 2})
    @flow.cmd
    def hello_mpi(job):
        return "mpiexec -n 2 mpi_program {job.ws}/input_file.txt"

The ``flow.cmd`` decorator instructs **signac-flow** to interpret the operation as a command rather than a Python function.

> The ``FlowProject.operation.with_directives`` decorator provides additional instructions on how to execute this operation and is not strictly necessary for the example above to work.

Reviewer: Needs rewritten.
```suggestion
The ``@FlowProject.operation.with_directives(...)`` decorator provides additional instructions on how to execute this operation.
The decorator ``@FlowProject.operation`` does not assign any directives to the operation.
```

MPI-operations with ``flow.cmd``
--------------------------------

Alternatively, you can implement an MPI-parallelized operation with the ``flow.cmd`` decorator, optionally in combination with the ``FlowProject.operation.with_directives`` decorator.
This strategy lets you define the number of ranks directly within the code and is also the only possible strategy when integrating external programs without a Python interface.

Assuming that we have an MPI-parallelized program named ``my_program``, which expects an input file as its first argument and which we want to run on two ranks, we could implement the operation like this:

.. code-block:: python

    @FlowProject.operation.with_directives({"np": 2})
    @flow.cmd
    def hello_mpi(job):

>         return "mpiexec -n 2 mpi_program {job.ws}/input_file.txt"

Reviewer: Is this example still useful, or should we recommend the user to use the `nranks` directive and adapt the command to remove `mpiexec`?

Author: This whole section on MPI is out of date and actually would likely not work given the `submit -> run -> exec` model. However, I don't know if it is in scope to modify this in this PR.

The ``flow.cmd`` decorator instructs **signac-flow** to interpret the operation as a command rather than a Python function.
The ``@FlowProject.operation.with_directives(...)`` decorator provides additional instructions on how to execute this operation.

> The decorator ``@FlowProject.operation`` does not assign any directives to the operation.

Reviewer: Wherever possible, we should link to the corresponding API docs, e.g. with
```suggestion
The decorator :py:meth:`FlowProject.operation` does not assign any directives to the operation.
```

Author: This needs to be mostly reworked in another PR to fix the out of data MPI documentation, so let's create an issue and fix that there.

Reviewer: I might not have been clear enough. This comment applies to a lot of places not related to the MPI docs. I'll mark them.

.. code-block:: jinja

>     @Project.operation.with_directives({"executable": 'singularity exec software.simg python'})

Reviewer: It's weird to mix single and double quotes.
```suggestion
    @Project.operation.with_directives({"executable": "singularity exec software.simg python"})
```
